(Episode 35)
- Hyun Soo. - I thought I'd never get to see...
I went to Paris after receiving Alain Passard's mail.
After we broke up.
I missed you so much.
After you left...
I won the contest, but I wasn't happy.
It was what I really wanted.
But because you weren't there,
I wasn't happy.
Do you know how I endured in Paris?
Do you remember when we went to Beolgyo?
Yes.
I kept the train ticket from then.
I put the ticket on my locker and thought of you.
That's how I endured each day.
I went to Paris to find you.
Really?
Yes.
I went to L'Arpege,
but they said you moved to a different restaurant.
I was afraid...
that I wouldn't be able to see you again if I left.
I drove without knowing your departure time.
(Temperature of Love)
(Hwangbo Kyung)
Hello.
I'm calling you to ask a question.
Did you have a meeting yesterday...
with Hyun Soo?
Why do you ask?
I can't get a hold of her,
and she hasn't come home.
I'll be there.
Aren't you hungry?
No, I'm not hungry.
Come on, you have to get up.
What's all this?
Sit down.
Amazing.
- Did you make this? - Yes
It took me an hour.
It's so pretty.
It's so delicious.
Are you not going to Hong Kong then?
I won't go if you tell me not to go.
That reminds me of the time...
when Alain Passard contacted you.
I don't want you to go.
Isn't it delicious?
Yes, it is.
Be careful when you go down.
I'm fine.
Don't scare me like that.
You...
See you next time.
See you later.
- Hasn't she called yet? - No.
Did you call anyone?
I didn't call her parents...
because I didn't want them to worry.
She might come home soon, so I didn't want to make a fuss.
- Hyun Soo. - Hey.
Mr. Park, you're here.
He's been worried about you.
I'm sorry.
I'll go upstairs and get changed.
Hello, Mr. Park.
Hello.
I'm sorry,
but we're totally booked for both lunch and dinner.
Would you like some tea?
No, it's okay. I dropped in because I was in the area.
Jung Woo.
What brings you here?
Didn't you leave for Hong Kong yet?
Something came up.
Bye.
Were you with Chef On?
Yes.
"Yes"?
Why are you staring? You're embarrassing me.
Are you guys back together?
I don't think I can live without him.
Goodness.
I shouldn't have called Mr. Park.
I thought something happened to you,
so I called Mr. Park, naturally.
He seemed really shocked when you came in.
I shouldn't have... It's all my fault.
I feel bad for him.
(Three missed calls)
(Voice mail)
First message.
Why did you turn your phone off?
Turn it on, and call me.
He's been worried about you.
I'll go upstairs and get changed.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(From Park Jung Woo)
I bought it because I thought this would look good on you.
Sincerely, Park Jung Woo.
You're home.
I see it's a hat.
Goodness.
What's wrong?
I don't know. I really like Mr. Park.
He's a really nice person.
He's stable and warm-hearted.
I'll be good to him if he marries Hyun Soo.
It'd be a win-win situation.
There's no point in saying that.
Hyun Soo is the one who would be living with him.
I know that.
They're taken aback because you didn't arrive...
in Hong Kong yesterday.
I'm sorry.
Why did you do that?
I have a woman I love.
The moment I was about to leave,
I realized that...
I might lose her if I left.
I don't understand.
You can meet her every time you come to Korea.
How can you give up on your career for that?
Six months is a very short time in your life.
Is it that hard for you to endure that?
I've already lost her once recently.
I don't want to be apart from her even for a while.
I'll take every single disadvantage you decide to give me.
I'll bear with whatever you decide to give me.
Love.
You're going to...
give up on your career for love?
I'm not surprised.
Where do you want to go? My drama's going to air any day now.
Let's go get some fresh air. It'll help you write better.
Let's go.
[VIU Ver] E35 Temperature of Love "I Don't Wanna You To Go"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It's beautiful.
Cheers.
This tastes really familiar.
- Am I wrong? - You're right.
Where did I drink this?
You drank it with truffle.
That's right.
Every time I drank this in Paris, I got reminded of that day.
Good Soup's going to hold a special event for Christmas,
and we're going to give it to the customers for free.
That's a great gesture.
I decided not to go to Hong Kong.
Is that okay?
Normally, it's not.
But I think I might lose...
the most important thing in my life if I leave right now.
Does that mean we're starting over again?
The initial problem that made us break up...
hasn't been solved yet.
Most couples get back together...
and break up because of the same reason.
Then let's make a promise before we get back together.
What promise?
Let's not break up.
(I was too scared to break up with you face-to-face.)
(P.S. I got annoyed because you asked me for money.)
I was too scared to break up with you face-to-face.
P.S. I got annoyed because you asked me for money.
This jerk.
He never even gave me any money.
(Job Application)
(What made you choose our company?)
- Yes, Mr. Park. - Are these all the applications...
for the new recruits?
Give me everything. I'll take a look at all of them.
Mr. Park.
Should I cancel your morning schedule if you're too tired?
No.
Is this what you want?
No, this is what I want.
- That's meaningless. - Then...
- What about this? - This will lead our drama to fail.
Director Kim.
What? I shaved my beard, but I'm not even getting anything.
Did we have to give you something?
Were you expecting something from us for shaving your beard?
Do you have good news or something?
Of course, she does.
She got back together with Chef On.
My gosh, I'm pretty sure you guys are going to break up again.
Why are you cursing our relationship?
I'm just telling you the truth. That's what happened to me.
That's just what happened to you.
You have a knack for showing off what you've experienced.
- None of them are good ones anyway. - You're the best, Kyung.
I'm going to go.
Are you upset?
I'm going to ask Jung Woo to help us with our drama.
I live a very diligent life even if you guys make fun of me.
When did we ever make fun of you?
No one cares for you as much as we do.
- My gosh, you startled me. - I shaved my beard.
What do you want me to do?
He wants you to kiss him.
That's not what I meant.
Hey.
It's because she was startled.
Jung Woo, I just had a meeting with Hyun Soo regarding our casting.
Can you contact the actors for us?
Do I owe you stuff?
You always ask me for favors.
That's because I know you'll do them for me.
About Hyun Soo...
Yes?
Why do you think...
I thought she was mine?
You dealt with love like business.
That's how you do business. You wait until the right timing.
I heard Chef On asked her out when they first met each other.
You should gone after her back then.
Then...
things might've turned out differently.
I have a previous engagement.
It was nice to meet you.
I'm sorry. I don't feel comfortable enough.
Hey.
I'm sorry, Jung Woo.
She'll definitely become a writer.
She's rude.
Wait.
You're quite rude.
You may be my college senior,
but you can't just talk to me comfortably when we just met.
We didn't just meet. We met earlier in my office.
What do you want?
Why did you refuse to shake my hand?
I talked to you comfortably because you were rude to me first.
I'm sorry.
I had a bad day.
I like that you're quick to apologize.
You can talk to me comfortably.
I also like that you're quick to adapt.
Joon Ha gave me your script, so I read it.
You read my script?
I don't just offer jobs out of nowhere.
How was it?
You must like free stuff.
Are you expecting me to tell you that for free?
No. When are you free?
("Kind Soup Will Not Pick up His Calls")
If we can't get our first choice of casting,
I'll be understanding just until our second choice.
You talk as if I'm fully responsible for the casting.
You also have a share of responsibility.
I'm a rookie writer. You're a popular director.
Who do you think will be more responsible?
All the other dramas will want to cast these people as well.
Do you know how many dramas are being made right now?
What difference is that going to make?
In the end, it's just a competition.
And the actors will want to appear in the most successful drama.
You're so good with words.
Now, let's hurry up, and get ready.
Our competitors are already on the move.
Okay, let's do this.
Mr. Park isn't in his office.
When is he coming back?
He canceled all of his appointments and went to Daegu.
It's a very important period for me.
He can't take the day off like this.
I need to stay focused.
All I have right now is work.
In 1, 2. There.
Like this. I'll do it.
Why can't I get better at this?
(Hong Ah)
Hello?
Won Joon, I got into an accident.
What? Where are you right now?
Soo Jung, I'll be right back. I need to go to the hospital.
Won Joon.
You didn't get hurt.
No. Did I say I was hurt?
Did I startle you?
(Emergency Medical Center)
I have my car with me. I'll give you a ride.
I guess you're never going to treat me with sincerity.
What do you mean?
I really got into an accident.
And I called you at that moment because you popped into my head.
Was that such a wrong thing to do?
Why are you angry at me?
You're the one who started liking someone else.
Were you ever planning on liking me back?
You were like food to me.
What more is important in life than food?
Before,
the fact that I was next to you was enough to make me happy.
But I don't feel that way anymore.
I want to be loved too.
(Yoo Hong Jin)
Hey, Mr. Yoo.
Joon Ha says he wants to outsource the camera team,
but it's too expensive.
We won't be able to provide the production fee.
Then we won't be able to carry on with that either.
(Secretary Kim Mi Jin)
- Yes? - SBC just called and asked about...
the publication rights for exporting a drama.
Should I schedule a meeting with them?
Tell them I'm abroad on a business trip.
It looks delicious.
I came because you seduced me with food.
Good job. All you do is stay at home and work all day.
I don't know if this is a good idea.
I love the ambiance.
Choose a genre. Do you want romance, action, science fiction,
cartoon, horror, thriller...
I want romance.
Good.
Any emails today?
Just a couple from your credit card company.
Oh, okay. Good.
- So I was thinking... - I want to just...
- Sorry. - I'm sorry. You can go first.
What were you going to say?
You have a weird appetite.
It's delicious.
- Try some. - What?
Yes. But there's probably some Darwinian explanation for it all.
I know, but don't be so boring. I'm just saying...
- It's not bad. - I told you.
(Jung Sun's mother)
It's your mother. Should I pick up?
Do you want to?
Yes.
Then pick up.
Hello?
Are you busy? It took you a while to pick up.
I'm not busy. We can talk.
You told me that...
you and I can keep seeing each other.
Yes.
I need a friend.
Mother, I'll call you right back. Would that be okay?
Don't make me wait for too long.
Okay.
Your mother wants to meet.
Why does she want to meet?
Your mother probably thinks we're still broken up.
That means she's solely my friend now.
Do you want to meet her?
Yes.
Every time I have a conversation with her,
I start feeling frustrated and angry.
Is it easy for you to talk to her?
She's not my family.
What?
I can have a conversation with her because I'm not her family.
It takes a long time to get over grudges...
when it comes to family because they've been there for a long time.
But that's not the case for me.
I've only started to build my relationship with her.
It's been fine until now.
I wonder how long...
that will last.
(Episode 36 will air shortly.)